Allow controlling the gRPC message limit via daml.yaml (#1970)
digital-asset/daml: unreleased.rst

  default, but will revert to the extension bundled with the DAML SDK if installation
  fails. You can get the old default behavior of always using the bundled extension
  by running ``daml studio --replace=newer`` or ``daml studio --replace=always`` instead.

> - [DAML Studio] The gRPC message size limit can now be configured in

Reviewer: just tiny suggestion, using active voice instead of passive to be more direct
```suggestion
- [DAML Studio] You can now configure the gRPC message size limit in
```
